No, sir.
Talk to me now!
dare not
Miss Shangguan, don't take it to heart
It's all a misunderstanding
I helped Mr. Ye leave this woman
Help Mr. Ye vent his anger
I've already seen his ugly face
So I have to thank you
Ye Feng ah no
Mr. Ye, you call adults less than villains
You treat me like a fart
Let me go
Mr. Ye, what are you going to do?
Let the front end go bankrupt
As for the mother and daughter of the temple
They ate and drank for three years
The house is also given to them
It's all about repaying his father's life-saving grace
As for loans
I'm afraid I'll have to pay it back later
Ah Ye Feng
Leaf Maple
You can't do this to me!
My mother and I don't have a job.
We can't pay the mortgage?
Let's remarry, shall we?
I'm doing all this for you
Because I think you work too hard.
I just want to lend money to help you.
For so many years, I have worked hard without credit.
Did you hear what Mr. Ye said?
I understand. I'll do it.
Now.
Any grandma dog dares to borrow my name as Shangguan Jiao
Working outside